what is Guidewire

Guidewire support insurance processes: underwriting, billing, policy administration, and claims management.

 What is subrogation?
Ans.
Subrogation is referred as the process of seeking reimbursement from the responsible party for a claim that they had already paid. For example, you have
 an accident where your car gets damaged, and you have car insurance, the insurance company will pay you the money. But the insurance company comes to know
 that the accident occur due to other party fault, 
now they will claim the money from the other party this is known as ‘subrogation’.

What do you mean by term ‘Insurer’ and ‘Insured’?

Insured is the one who holds the policy and Insurer is the company that covers the insured.

      Who is the beneficiary?

Beneficiary is the one whom you have nominated for the insured amount in case of your death.

17)   How to claim the policy?

In order to claim the policy, you have to fill up the claim form and contact your financial advisor from whom you have bought the policy. You have to supplement 
all the required documents like original payment receipt to your insurance company.  If everything is ok, you will be paid within seven days of the policy claimed.

18)   What happens if you fail to make required premium payments?

Usually, Insurance Company gives a grace period of 10-15 days to the insured if they fail to pay the premium before the due date.  Further, if you fail to pay a
 premium, then your policy will lapse.  You can revive your policy by paying the outstanding premium along with the interest, counted from the date the policy got 
lapsed.
 Different Insurance Company has a different norm for reviving the policy.

However, if your policy is in force for alonger period like say more than2-3 years,and if you fail to pay a premium, then insurance company will deduct the 
premium amount from your accumulated funds, especially in permanent life insurance. This will continue till there is an available fund after which your policy 
will be terminated.
What is ‘group life’ insurance?

‘Group life insurance’ is a single policy that covers an entire group. Such policy is taken by an employer for thebigger organization to cover their employee,
 as anindividual policy holder, it may cost more than a group policy.

2) What do you mean by ‘insurance coverage’?
The term ‘insurance coverage’ means, when an individual takes an insurance policy the
insured will be covered by insurance company for a specific amount for themselves or the things
that he had taken the insurance policy, for which he would be paying premiums to the insurance
company. The insurance company will pay the insured in case of damage or claims made by
the insured according to their ‘insurance coverage’.

Insurance policy is categorised into two
a) General or Non-life Insurance
b) Life Insurance

FNOL (First Notice of Loss) is the event in which the insurer is informed of a potentially 
covered loss. FNOL can be accomplished entirely through the use of system APIs.

Draft claims and open claims
During the FNOL process, the claim passes through two states: draft and open.

A draft claim is a claim that has been saved to the ClaimCenter database, but there is 
not yet enough information for the claim to enter the adjudication process. Draft claims
 are not assigned to any user.
An open claim is a claim that has been saved to the ClaimCenter database with enough 
information to enter the adjudication process. Once a claim becomes open, it is assigned 
to an adjuster.
